"""
Each config file represents a single routing Daemon, each one in a network needs its own in accordance with the assignment spec

Each line represents a different field.
multiple entries within a field are space-separated. ' '
multiple values within an entry are represented within tuples. (v1, v2, ..., vn)
end of line (and therefore, field) indicated by semicolon. ';'
    anything after a semicolon on the same line will be ignored and can be used for comments.
    
lines that do not start with one of {id, inports, outports, args} will be ignored.
    additional fields after args will be ignored
    absent fields (except args) will throw a FieldNotFoundError.
    fields must be in the above order or will throw a FieldNotFoundError.

id must be an integer between 1, 64000 incl. must be unique in a network.
Must have only one entry, additional entries will throw an IndexError.

inports must be integer entries between 1024, 64000 incl. There must be one entry for each neighbour the router has.
There may be arbitrarily many entries, but no fewer than 1.

outports must be 3-tuple entries of the form (portnum, cost, otherID) where
portnum meets the same standards as for the inport field,
cost is a positive integer representing the cost of using the link with this neighbour,
otherID is the id field of the neighbour.

args is a miscellaneous field that can accept entries of any type and in any quantity.
The first entry is expected to be an initial timer value for when to send periodic updates.
Functionality will have to be manually implemented if other use cases are desired.

All entries for a field must be on the same line.
All port numbers must be file-unique. There can be no duplicates in the union of inports and outports.
    This will be checked and a ValueError thrown if duplicates found.
Note: No network-wide checks are performed, it's up to the network admin to ensure that:
    A) No two routers have the same id field.
    B) Every inport exists in 1 other router's outport field.
"""

id x0;
inports i1 i2 ... in;
outports (o1, c1, x1) (o2, c2, x2) ... (om, cm, xm);
args a1 a2 ... al;